# Functionalities

## autothread
This functionality creates automatic threads on every new message in a channel. Can be helpful in channels dedicated to questions.
When entering the command the bot should provide you with additional command options (depends on ACL):  
> __**autothread**__  
> \- **autothread list**  
> \- **autothread set**  
> \- **autothread unset**

### autothread list
Usage: `autothread list`  
Lists current autothread settings for channels of the guild.

### autothread set
Usage: `autothread set <channel> <duration>`  
Argument `channel` accepts tag of a channel or its ID. Argument `duration` sets the lifespan of the autogenerated threads. Value of this argument must be on of these values: `'1h', '1d', '3d', '7d'`.

### autothread unset
Usage: `autothread unset [channel]`  
After using this command, autothreads will not be generated in the provided channel. Argument `channel` defaults to the channel where this command is called.

## bookmarks
Bookmarks allow users to save a message for later. When bookmarks are active and member adds reaction "🔖" (:bookmark:) to a message, the bot will send this user a direct message containing the original message's text and link to that message.
When entering the command the bot should provide you with additional command options (depends on ACL):  
> __**bookmarks**__  
> \- **bookmarks list**  
> \- **bookmarks set**  
> \- **bookmarks unset**

### bookmarks list
Usage: `bookmark set`  
Lists current bookmarks settings of this guild.

### bookmarks set
Usage: `bookmarks set <enabled> [channel]`  
Sets the functionality to on (when the argument `enabled` is `True`) or off (`enabled` is `False`). Argument `channel` defaults to guild default.

### bookmark unset
Usage: `bookmarks unset [channel]`  
Removes bookmarks settings, which turns them off. Argument `channel` defaults to the whole guild.

## userpin
This functionality allows users to pin a message if enough members agree to pin it. Vote to pin the message is realized by reacting to a message with the emoji "📌" (:pushpin:).
When entering the command the bot should provide you with additional command options (depends on ACL):  
> __**userpin**__  
> \- **userpin list**  
> \- **userpin set**  
> \- **userpin unset**

### userpin list
Usage: `userpin list`  
Lists current userpin settings for channels of the guild.

### userpin set
Usage: `userpin set <limit> [channel]`  
Sets the treshold for pinning a message in a channel. Argument `limit` sets the amount of "📌" reactions needed to pin the message. Value must be greater than 0. Argument `channel` defaults to guild default.

### userpin unset
Usage: `userpin unset [channel]`  
Removes the userpin treshold for a channel, which turns this feature off for that channel. Argument `channel` defaults to the default guild settings.

## userthread
Userthread allows users to open threads on a message if enough members agree to on it. Vote to open the thread is realized by reacting to a message with the emoji "🧵" (:thread:).
When entering the command the bot should provide you with additional command options (depends on ACL):  
> __**userthread**__  
> \- **userthread get**  
> \- **userthread list**  
> \- **userthread set**  
> \- **userthread unset**

### userthread get
Usage: `userthread get [channel]`  
Shows the current userthread settings of a channel. Defaults to the current channel.

## userthread list
Usage: `userthread list`  
Lists current bookmarks settings for channels of this guild.

## userthread set
Usage: `userthread set <limit> [channel]`  
Sets the treshold for opening a thread in a channel. Argument `limit` sets the amount of "🧵" reactions needed to open the thread. Argument `channel` defaults to guild default.

## userthread unset
Usage: `userthread unset [channel]`  
Removes the userthread treshold for a channel, which turns this feature off for that channel. Argument `channel` defaults to the default guild settings.
